h1. UPLC - Ultimate Php Libraries Collection

Author: James Brumond
Version: 0.0.1-dev

Copyright 2010 James Brumond
Dual licensed under MIT and GPL

h2. Dependencies

* PHP >= 5.3
* Images library needs a compatible image backend (IM or GD)

h2. What is it?

The UPLC is exactly what its name implies: a big collection of PHP libraries. At the moment, it includes the following libraries (some not quite finished):

* Compression
* Cookies
* Crypto
* Database
* Datetime
* Files
* Git
* Hashing
* HTTP
* Images
* Input
* Output
* PCRE (Preg Regular Expressions)
* Session
* Shell
* Typehint (Scalar typehinting)

And there are plans of adding many more, including:

* Errors
* ExtID (OpenID + OAuth)
* SourceMin (CSS/JS minification)

h2. Examples

UPLC has a very intuitive, simple interface. No complex, ugly system for loading and using libraries. Here are some examples from the libraries that are already being built.

<pre><code><?php

/**
 * Load the UPLC
 */
require_once 'uplc/init.php';

/**
 * Import the libraries we want
 */
import(
    'input',
    'typehint',
    'output',
    'git',
    'datetime'
);

/**
 * Testing the value of some POST data (input library)
 */
$my_post_data = Input()->post('my_data');
if ($my_post_data)
{
    // Do stuff with your data...
}

/**
 * Scalar (string, int, etc.) typehinting (typehint library)
 */
function test_typehint(string $str)
{
    echo $str;
}

/**
 * Set the status code (output library)
 */
Output()->set_status(404);

/**
 * Commit some file changes to a git repository (git library)
 */
$repo = Git()->open('/path/to/repo');
$repo->commit('This is a commit message...');

/**
 * Run a timer (datetime library)
 */
$timer = Datetime()->get_timer();
$timer->start();
for ($i = 0; $i < 100000; $i++) {
    do_something();
}
echo 'Running do_something() took '.$timer->get_time().' seconds';

/* End of examples */</code></pre>













